It's me and I'm going to show it again.
For you I praise the Army 's collection.
with the function of each one of them and I go
italy 'by the influences
we have an ambulance to the army
his function is to open back to vote for a
sick or injured and open the doors here
we have a small army concierge
here we have some little figures
the paramedic and the sick the soldier who
is taking to the paramedic
here everyone showing you
the army tank also considered
as ground troops because they can
put my here behind the troops
and here you can put the pilot of the
other side
This one was my creation.
is a small house of troops with a
cannon and a small machine gun and here
we have 11 test advances to do with
order in the region are the people to
study area and such
here behind I opened to put what he
need and or even the troops of the
other side and now the grand finale and
show you my little girl here
The creation of the army is a bank and
military and also with a file on
Up and here opens the troops there nobody
that has the pilot's head
good people until the next chance